build: release: Ready v1.17.1 for release (#9270)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# Lotus changelog

# v1.17.1 / 2022-09-06

> This is an optional release of Lotus. This release introduces the SplitStore public beta and features multiple small bug fixes, new features & improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an optional release of Lotus. This release introduces the [Splitstore v2 - beta](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/blockstore/splitstore/README.md)(beta). Splitstore aims to reduce the node performance impact that's caused by the Filecoin's very large, and continuously growing datastore. Splitstore v2 introduces  the coldstore auto prune/GC feature & some improvements for the hotstore.  We welcome all lotus users to join the early testers and try the new Splitstore out, you can leave any feedback or report issues in [this discussion](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/discussions/9179) or create an issue. As always,  multiple small bug fixes, new features & improvements are also included in this release.

```

## New features

- feat:chain:splitstore auto prune ([filecoin-project/lotus#9123](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/9123))

>   - Trigger SplitStore chain prune on head events. [Link to the documentation](https://lotus.filecoin.io/lotus/manage/chain-management/#splitstore)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Trigger SplitStore chain prune on head events. [Link to the documentation](https://lotus.filecoin.io/lotus/manage/chain-management/#cold-store-garbage-collection)
```

- feat:chain:splitstore chain prune ([filecoin-project/lotus#9056](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/9056))

>   - Adds `chain prune` command to trigger manual garbage collection. [Link to the documentation](https://lotus.filecoin.io/lotus/manage/chain-management/#splitstore)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Adds `chain prune` command to trigger manual garbage collection. [Link to the documentation](https://lotus.filecoin.io/lotus/manage/chain-management/#cold-store-garbage-collection)
```
